I'd like to see if you have a hard mouth
Still my slap hard
What do you want?
Which onion are you?
Dad his son
Ripped our best friend's teddy bear
Ask my daughter to apologize
Hit me again
What happened when I hit you?
If the old lady hits you, you will bear it for me
Apologize to my wife and children
Let me give this bitch
And this little bitch apologizes for dreaming
How dare you hit me?
Hit you what's wrong
Dare to scold my wife and children again
Believe it or not, I'll tear your stinky mouth apart
You poor bastard
How dare you threaten me?
My husband is the Haige of this street
Believe it or not
I let my husband spend 100,000 to buy your life
Is it a woman? Is it Brother Hai's wife?
No wonder he's so arrogant
Yes!
Hai Ge heard that he has become the largest distributor of Shuangli River
You can make hundreds of thousands a day
Brother Hai can protect the calf
Both black and white have power
Someone accidentally bumped into his son before
He took 50,000 dollars
Find someone to break someone's arm
I don't care who your husband is
Apologize to my wife and children immediately
I won't apologize
If you have the ability, just hit me and try it.
Hit me and try it.
You you
I see who dares to beat my wife